Do we have any more questions?
>> It's a bit weird that CSS
doesn't know its scroll position,
come to think of it as
it knows its viewport.
>> See, that's the thing,
If CSS knew it scroll position
that would introduce cycles.
So it's one of those examples of these
features, that we would love to add.
But it's not feasible right now because we
can't think of a way to get around this.
Let's say there was a scroll x keyword
that you that allowed you to get
the horizontal.
And the scroll y that allowed you to get
the vertical scroll position through CSS.
What if you wrote some CSS that
actually modifies these positions
by making the element longer for example.
Or introducing some padding,
introducing all sorta things, so
we want in general,
it's a design principle of CSS.
That we wanna avoid these cycles,
we don't want you to be able to
write CSS that counsels itself.
If that makes sense, so your CSS can
get access to the viewport dimensions,
because the CSS cannot modify
the viewport dimensions.
But CSS could easily do things that
would modify the scroll position and
we don't want that.
Because that basically would give
you the same effect that you do,
have you ever tried doing
display non on hover.
And then you hover over an element and
it just flickers, this is the kind of
thing that we want to avoid today,
we do not want these kinds of cycles.
So that's the problem right now, and
even container queries were
not feasible for a long time.
Because of this problem, but they found
a way around it Miriam, Suzanne, and
some other people found a way around it.
And that's why we're getting
container queries now but
it took many years of
developers asking for them.
And basically, we could not find a way
to do it cycles are a big problem,
when adding new features to CSS